---
title: 'Imprint'
date: 2018-12-06T09:29:16+10:00
---

{{< rawhtml >}}
<h2>forwardnow GmbH</h2> <p> <p>Information according to § 5 TMG</p> <p>Kai Herings <br> Schwogenstrasse 97<br> 41063 Mönchengladbach <br> </p> <p> <strong>Represented by: </strong><br> Kai Herings<br> </p> <p><strong>Company Registration: </strong><br> Registered in the Commercial Register.<br> Registration Court: Mönchengladbach<br> Registration Number: HRB 21155<br></p> <p><strong>VAT ID: </strong> <br> VAT Identification Number according to §27a of the Value Added Tax Act: DE356426050<br><br> </p> <p><strong>Responsible for content according to § 55 Para. 2 RStV:</strong><br> Kai Herings <br> Schwogenstrasse 97<br> 41063 Mönchengladbach <br></p> <p><strong>Disclaimer: </strong><br><br><strong>Liability for Content</strong><br><br> The contents of our pages were created with the utmost care. However, we cannot guarantee the accuracy, completeness, or timeliness of the content. As a service provider, we are responsible for our own content on these pages according to § 7 Abs.1 TMG under general law. According to §§ 8 to 10 TMG, we are not obligated as a service provider to monitor transmitted or stored third-party information or to investigate circumstances indicating illegal activity. Obligations to remove or block the use of information under general laws remain unaffected. However, liability in this regard is only possible from the moment of knowledge of a specific legal infringement. Upon becoming aware of such legal infringements, we will remove this content immediately.<br><br><strong>Liability for Links</strong><br><br> Our offer contains links to external third-party websites, over which we have no control. Therefore, we cannot assume any responsibility for these external contents. The respective provider or operator of the pages is always responsible for the content of the linked pages. The linked pages were checked for possible legal violations at the time of linking. No illegal content was recognizable at the time of linking. Permanent content control of the linked pages is, however, not reasonable without concrete evidence of a violation of the law. Upon becoming aware of legal violations, we will remove such links immediately.<br><br><strong>Copyright</strong><br><br> The content and works created by the site operators on these pages are subject to German copyright law. The duplication, processing, distribution, and any form of commercialization outside the limits of copyright require the written consent of the respective author or creator. Downloads and copies of this site are only permitted for private, non-commercial use. Insofar as the content on this site was not created by the operator, third-party copyrights are respected. In particular, third-party content is marked as such. Should you nevertheless become aware of a copyright infringement, please notify us accordingly. Upon becoming aware of legal violations, we will remove such content immediately.<br><br><strong>Data Protection</strong><br><br> The use of our website is generally possible without providing personal data. Insofar as personal data (for example, name, address, or email addresses) is collected on our pages, this is always done on a voluntary basis, as far as possible. This data will not be disclosed to third parties without your explicit consent. <br> We point out that data transmission over the Internet (e.g., when communicating by email) can have security gaps. A complete protection of data against access by third parties is not possible. <br> The use of contact data published within the framework of the imprint obligation by third parties for sending unsolicited advertising and information materials is hereby expressly prohibited. The operators of the pages expressly reserve the right to take legal steps in the event of unsolicited sending of advertising information, such as spam emails.<br> <br><br><strong>Google Analytics</strong><br><br> This website uses Google Analytics, a web analytics service provided by Google Inc. ("Google"). Google Analytics uses "cookies", text files that are stored on your computer and allow an analysis of your use of the website. The information generated by the cookie about your use of this website (including your IP address) is transmitted to a Google server in the USA and stored there. Google will use this information to evaluate your use of the website, compile reports on website activity for website operators, and provide other services related to website and internet usage. Google may also transfer this information to third parties if required by law or if third parties process this data on behalf of Google. Google will not associate your IP address with any other data held by Google. You can prevent the installation of cookies by setting your browser software accordingly; however, we point out that in this case, you may not be able to use all the functions of this website to their full extent. By using this website, you consent to the processing of data collected about you by Google in the manner and for the purpose described above.<br><br><strong>Google AdSense</strong><br><br> This website uses Google AdSense, a web advertising service of Google Inc., USA ("Google"). Google AdSense uses "cookies" (text files) that are stored on your computer and allow an analysis of the use of the website. Google AdSense also uses "web beacons" (small invisible graphics) to collect information. Through the use of web beacons, simple actions such as visitor traffic on the website can be recorded and collected. The information generated by the cookie and/or web beacon about your use of this website (including your IP address) is transmitted to a Google server in the USA and stored there. Google will use this information to evaluate your use of the website regarding advertisements, compile reports on website activity and advertisements for website operators, and provide other services related to website and internet usage. Google may also transfer this information to third parties if required by law or if third parties process this data on behalf of Google. Google will not associate your IP address with any other data held by Google. You can prevent the storage of cookies on your hard drive and the display of web beacons by selecting "do not accept cookies" in your browser settings (in MS Internet Explorer under "Tools > Internet Options > Privacy > Settings"; in Firefox under "Tools > Settings > Privacy > Cookies"); however, we point out that in this case, you may not be able to use all the functions of this website to their full extent. By using this website, you consent to the processing of data collected about you by Google in the manner and for the purpose described above.</p><br> <br><br><strong>Google Tag Manager</strong><br><br> This website uses Google Tag Manager, a web analytics service provided by Google Inc. ("Google"). Google Tag Manager may use "cookies", text files stored on your computer that allow an analysis of your use of the website. The information generated by the cookie about your use of this website (including your IP address) is transmitted to a Google server in the USA and stored there. Google will use this information to evaluate your use of the website, compile reports on website activity for website operators, and provide other services related to website and internet usage. Google may also transfer this information to third parties if required by law or if third parties process this data on behalf of Google. Google will not associate your IP address with any other data held by Google. You can prevent the installation of cookies by setting your browser software accordingly; however, we point out that in this case, you may not be able to use all the functions of this website to their full extent. By using this website, you consent to the processing of data collected about you by Google in the manner and for the purpose described above.

<br><br><strong>Use of Hotjar</strong><br><br>
This website uses Hotjar, a web analytics service provided by Hotjar Ltd., to understand user behavior on our website and improve the user experience. Hotjar uses cookies and other technologies to collect data on our visitors' behavior and their devices. This includes the device's IP address (in anonymized form), screen size, device type, browser information, geographic location (country only), and the preferred language for viewing our website. Hotjar stores this information in a pseudonymized user profile. Neither Hotjar nor we use this information to identify individual users, nor is it combined with other data about individual users.

The use of Hotjar is based on Article 6(1)(f) of the GDPR. We have a legitimate interest in analyzing the behavior of users on our website to optimize our offering.

For more information about Hotjar and the data collected by Hotjar, please refer to the <a href="https://www.hotjar.com/legal/policies/privacy/" target="_blank"> Hotjar Privacy Policy</a>.

<br><br><strong>Use of Formspree</strong><br><br> We use Formspree to process form submissions on our website. Formspree is a service provided by Formspree Inc., which may collect data such as your name and email address. This data may be transferred to the USA and other countries where Formspree operates. Formspree protects your data in accordance with the privacy standards of these countries and ensures appropriate safeguards. Your data will be used to operate and improve the services, prevent fraud, and for statistical analysis regarding the use of the Formspree website. Details on data collection and use can be found in the <a href="https://formspree.io/legal/privacy-policy/" target="_blank">Formspree Privacy Policy</a>. By using Formspree services on our website, you consent to the processing of your data as described. Formspree will not sell, rent, or share your personal information without your consent, except where required by law. You have the right to withdraw your consent at any time and can manage or delete your data through the settings. 
{{< /rawhtml >}}
